unit-7-managing-url-aliases-and-redirects/about-url-aliases.md, before:

# About URL aliases



### About URL aliases

A URL alias is when you create a specific, descriptive URL for a page you’ve created. There are three main benefits of using a URL alias:

1. You can create a more descriptive and meaningful URL for users
2. The URL alias is read by search engines, as such it is an important part of search engine optimisation \(SEO\)
3. Your website will look more professional

#### Exercise 7.1: Updating a page’s URL alias

In this exercise you’ll learn how to update a page’s URL alias.

1. Add a Standard Page: go to _Content_ → _Add content_ → _Standard Page_
2. Fill out the required fields, such as Title and Body, then in the right-hand side of the form, click to expand the _URL Alias_ section

   ![](../.gitbook/assets/72%20%281%29%20%281%29.png)

3. Uncheck _Generate automatic URL Alias_![](../.gitbook/assets/73%20%281%29.png)
4. Make sure the "URL alias" field is empty
5. Mark the content to be Published
6. Save the page
7. Navigate to the page you saved - note the URL

Your content should have a URL something like http://example.com/node/100. In this example “node/100” is the **Drupal path** for the page.

#### Exercise 7.2: Create a URL Alias

In this exercise you’ll learn how to create a URL alias.

1. Return to edit the page from the previous exercise
2. Set a custom URL alias, such as _**/important-content-page**_ \(you may create your own\)
3. **Save** the page. What’s the new URL for your page? Does the node/100 path still work? \(The node ID number - 100 - will differ for you.\)
4. Next, return to Edit the page from step 1
5. Under the **URL Alias** section on the right-hand side, check the _Generate automatic URL alias box_
6. **Save** the page - compare the results
7. Check if the internal path \(such as node/100\) still works
8. Check if the manually entered URL alias from step 2 is still functional
9. Ask your trainer any questions

Commit message:

Added information about URL aliases vs internal URL. (#31)
Co-authored-by: Greg Netsas <klonos@gmail.com>

unit-7-managing-url-aliases-and-redirects/about-url-aliases.md, after:

# About URL aliases



### About URL aliases

A URL alias is when you create a specific, descriptive URL for a page you’ve created. 

By default, Drupal uses internal URLs, such as /node/183745 or /media/345. Internal URLs can be of very little use to site visitors, since they contain difficult-to-remember random numbers. GovCMS includes the Pathauto module, which once enabled and properly configured, automatically converts these internal URLs into human-friendly URL aliases. Instead of random numbers, these aliases use keywords, such as words included in the content title. That results in links like /about-us/mission or /gallery/photo-of-a-cute-koala, instead of /node/183745 or /media/345.

There are three main benefits of using a URL alias:

1. You can create a more descriptive and meaningful URL for users
2. The URL alias is read by search engines, as such it is an important part of search engine optimisation \(SEO\)
3. Your website will look more professional

#### Exercise 7.1: Updating a page’s URL alias

In this exercise you’ll learn how to update a page’s URL alias.

1. Add a Standard Page: go to _Content_ → _Add content_ → _Standard Page_
2. Fill out the required fields, such as Title and Body, then in the right-hand side of the form, click to expand the _URL Alias_ section

   ![](../.gitbook/assets/72%20%281%29%20%281%29.png)

3. Uncheck _Generate automatic URL Alias_![](../.gitbook/assets/73%20%281%29.png)
4. Make sure the "URL alias" field is empty
5. Mark the content to be Published
6. Save the page
7. Navigate to the page you saved - note the URL

Your content should have a URL something like http://example.com/node/100. In this example “node/100” is the **Drupal path** for the page.

#### Exercise 7.2: Create a URL Alias

In this exercise you’ll learn how to create a URL alias.

1. Return to edit the page from the previous exercise
2. Set a custom URL alias, such as _**/important-content-page**_ \(you may create your own\)
3. **Save** the page. What’s the new URL for your page? Does the node/100 path still work? \(The node ID number - 100 - will differ for you.\)
4. Next, return to Edit the page from step 1
5. Under the **URL Alias** section on the right-hand side, check the _Generate automatic URL alias box_
6. **Save** the page - compare the results
7. Check if the internal path \(such as node/100\) still works
8. Check if the manually entered URL alias from step 2 is still functional
9. Ask your trainer any questions
