unit-11-capturing-data-with-forms/exercise-11-1-create-a-basic-webform.md, before:

# Exercise 11.1 - Create a basic Webform

In this exercise you will create a simple website feedback form. Before we can create a Webform **page** and attach a webform entity to it, the entity must exist. Let’s create our first webform entity.

1.  Click on _Structure_ on the _Admin menu_ then hover over _Webforms_ and click on _Forms_.

    ![Image of access Webforms menu](../.gitbook/assets/Ex-11-1-Webform-1.png)
2.  Click on the **+Add webform** button at the top right of the page.

    ![Image of Webform wizard](../.gitbook/assets/Ex-11-1-Webform-2.png)
3. Add a _Title_, for example "Simple Feedback Form".
4. Add some text to the _Administrative description_ field (optional).
5. Set the _Status_ of the _Webform_ to be as 'Open' using the radio buttons.
6. Click the **Save.** button.
7.  You’ll be redirected to the webform building interface (the _Build_ tab is active), so you can add elements (fields) to your webform, configure various conditions and much more.

    ![Image of Webform build tab](../.gitbook/assets/Ex-11-1-Webform-3.png)
8.  Click the **Add element** button, find the _Text field_ element in the _Basic elements_ section, then click on the **Add Element** button to add a _Text field_ element for the Feedback field.

    ![Image of add text field to Webform](../.gitbook/assets/Ex-11-1-Webform-4.png)
9.  Add text to the the _Title_ field as shown in the screenshot below.

    <figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/image (3) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1).png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>
10. Note the other tabs that allow you to configure the field - _Conditions_, _Advanced_ and _Access_. Explore those tabs but do not modify anything yet.
11. Click the **Save** button.
12. Click on the **Save elements** button at the bottom left of the page.

    ![Image of add Webforms elements page](../.gitbook/assets/Ex-11-1-Webform-6.png)
13. Click the **View** tab to review your webform. It should look similar to the below screenshot.

    ![Image of add Title to field](../.gitbook/assets/Ex-11-1-Webform-7.png)

    Note that the Feedback field label is displayed above the field. Let’s move it to be 'inline' with the field.
14. Return to the Webform _Build_ interface by clicking the **Build** tab.
15. Click the **Edit** button to the right hand side of the _Feedback_ element.

    ![Image of edit button Webform elements](../.gitbook/assets/Ex-11-1-Webform-8.png)
16. On the right hand side, expand the 'Form display' dropdown section. Select 'Inline' from the _Title display_ dropdown.

    ![Image of edit button Webform Title display](../.gitbook/assets/Ex-11-1-Webform-9.png)
17. Scroll down to the bottom of the right hand side section. Click **Save**.
18. Click **Save elements** on the _Webforms_ page.

    ![Image of Webform save buttons](../.gitbook/assets/Ex-11-1-Webform-10.png)
19. Click on the **View** menu item. The Feedback label should now be 'inline' with the form field as shown in the screenshot below.

    ![Image of inline Feedback Webform](../.gitbook/assets/Ex-11-1-Webform-11.png)



**Note** If you moved away from your webform at any point during the exercise, use the _Admin menu_ to return to the form via _Structure_ → _Webforms_ → \[select the webform from the list].

Commit message:

GITBOOK-106: change request with no subject merged in GitBook

unit-11-capturing-data-with-forms/exercise-11-1-create-a-basic-webform.md, after:

# Exercise 11.1 - Create a basic Webform

In this exercise you will create a simple website feedback form. Before we can create a Webform **page** and attach a webform entity to it, the entity must exist. Let’s create our first webform entity.

1.  Click on _Structure_ on the _Admin menu_ then hover over _Webforms_ and click on _Forms_.\


    <figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/image (51).png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Accessing webforms from the admin menu</p></figcaption></figure>
2. Click on the **+Add webform** button at the top left of the page.
3. Add a _Title_, for example "Simple Feedback Form".
4. Add some text to the _Administrative description_ field (optional).
5. Set the _Status_ of the _Webform_ to be as 'Open' using the radio buttons.
6.  Click the **Save.** button.\


    <figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/image (52).png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Filling out webform creation fields</p></figcaption></figure>
7.  You’ll be redirected to the webform building interface (the _Build_ tab is active), so you can add elements (fields) to your webform, configure various conditions and much more.\


    <figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/image (53).png" alt=""><figcaption><p>Webform Build tab</p></figcaption></figure>
8.  Click the **Add element** button, find the _Text field_ element in the _Basic elements_ section, then click on the **Add Element** button to add a _Text field_ element for the Feedback field.\


    <figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/image (54).png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>
9.  Add text to the the _Title_ field as shown in the screenshot below.

    <figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/image (3) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1) (1).png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>
10. Note the other tabs that allow you to configure the field - _Conditions_, _Advanced_ and _Access_. Explore those tabs but do not modify anything yet.
11. Click the **Save** button.
12. Click on the **Save elements** button at the bottom left of the page.\


    <figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/image (55).png" alt=""><figcaption></figcaption></figure>
13. Click the **View** tab to review your webform. It should look similar to the below screenshot.

    <figure><img src="../.gitbook/assets/image (56).png" alt=""><figcaption><p>The Feedback form so far</p></figcaption></figure>


14. Try adding some more form fields for practice.

***

**Note** If you moved away from your webform at any point during the exercise, use the _Admin menu_ to return to the form via _Structure_ → _Webforms_ → \[select the webform from the list].
