unit-1-intro-to-the-admin-backend/overview-of-content-management-area.md, before:

# Overview of content management area

{% embed url="https://vimeo.com/469289141/ccf42a143e" %}

## Content page title

Below the Admin menu, the _page title_ shows that you are in the _Content_ area of the _Admin interface_.

![Image of Admin interface](../.gitbook/assets/Unit-1-Content-Page-Title.png)

## Main navigation options

Underneath the page title there are three navigation options in the form of tabs:

1. Content
2. Files
3. Media

![Image of main Navigation tabs](../.gitbook/assets/Unit-1-Content-Page-Content-Files-Media.png)

Click on the Files tab to see the list of files on your site. Click on the Media tab to view a list of the media you’ve uploaded into your GovCMS site. **[Unit 6: Files and Media Assets](../unit-6-files-media-assets)** looks at managing media files and assets in GovCMS in more detail.

## Breadcrumbs and Add content button

Above the _Navigation options_ tab is a breadcrumb link that shows you’re in the Home/Administration section of the site. 

At the top right of the page is the **Add content** button.

![Image of Breadcrumbs and Add Content button](../.gitbook/assets/Unit-1-Content-Page-Breadcrumbs-Add-Content.png)

**Tip:** The breadcrumb provides a handy “Home” link, which takes you to the homepage of your site. It’s a fast way to switch from the admin _backend_ to the _frontend_.

## Filter options

Below the Navigation tab is the _Filter section_. This allows you to filter the list of content displayed. Filtering is covered in the next lesson - **[Content management - filters overview](content-management-filters-overview.md)**.

![Image of Filter section](../.gitbook/assets/Unit-1-Content-Page-Filters.png)


## Site content and bulk operations

Below the _filter section_ is the list of actual site content, displayed by default in date order, with the most recent content at the top. 

Access to bulk operations is provided inline with the content. Bulk operations are covered in **[Unit 12 - Advanced - content bulk operations](../unit-12-advanced-content-editing/bulk-operations.md)**

![Image of Content listing](../.gitbook/assets/Unit-1-Content-Page-Site-Content-Bulk-Operations.png)

Commit message:

Update overview-of-content-management-area.md (#108)

unit-1-intro-to-the-admin-backend/overview-of-content-management-area.md, after:

# Overview of content management area

{% embed url="https://vimeo.com/469289141/ccf42a143e" %}

## Content page title

Below the Admin menu, the _page title_ shows that you are in the _Content_ area of the _Admin interface_.

![Image of Admin interface](../.gitbook/assets/Unit-1-Content-Page-Title.png)

## Main navigation options

Underneath the page title there are three navigation options in the form of tabs:

1. Content
2. Files
3. Media

![Image of main Navigation tabs](../.gitbook/assets/Unit-1-Content-Page-Content-Files-Media.png)

Click on the Files tab to see the list of files on your site. Click on the Media tab to view a list of the media you’ve uploaded into your GovCMS site. **[Unit 6: Files and Media Assets](../unit-6-files-media-assets)** looks at managing media files and assets in GovCMS in more detail.

## Breadcrumbs and Add content button

Above the _Navigation options_ tab is a breadcrumb link that shows you’re in the Home/Administration section of the site. 

At the top right of the page is the **Add content** button.

![Image of Breadcrumbs and Add Content button](../.gitbook/assets/Unit-1-Content-Page-Breadcrumbs-Add-Content.png)

**Tip:** The breadcrumb provides a handy “Home” link, which takes you to the homepage of your site. It’s a fast way to switch from the admin _backend_ to the _frontend_.

## Filter options

Below the Navigation tab is the _Filter section_. This allows you to filter the list of content displayed. Filtering is covered in the next lesson - **[Content management - filters overview](content-management-filters-overview.md)**.

![Image of Filter section](../.gitbook/assets/Unit-1-Content-Page-Filters.png)


## Site content and bulk operations

Below the _filter section_ is the list of actual site content, displayed by default in date order, with the most recent content at the top. 

If one or more items in the _content_ list is selected, the bulk operations area appears at the bottom of the page. Bulk operations are covered in **[Unit 12 - Advanced - content bulk operations](../unit-12-advanced-content-editing/bulk-operations.md)**

![Image of Content listing](../.gitbook/assets/Unit-1-Content-Page-Content-Bulk-Operations.png)
